Add docs for SASL PLAIn support in Mirror Maker (#1588)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/book/con-kafka-mirror-maker-authentication.adoc

* TLS client authentication
* SASL based authentication using the SCRAM-SHA-512 mechanism

> * SASL based authentication using the PLAIN mechanism

Reviewer: SASL-based authentication

        password: my-producer-password-key
  # ...
----

== PLAIN authentication

To configure Kafka Mirror Maker to use PLAIN authentication, set the `type` property to `plain`.

> The broker listener to which clients are connecting must also be configured to use PLAIN SASL authentication.

Reviewer 2: "SASL PLAIN" not "PLAIN SASL"

> The broker listener to which clients are connecting must also be configured to use SASL PLAIN authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The broker listener to which clients will connect must also be configured to use SASL PLAIN authentication.
```

This authentication mechanism requires a username and password.

> WARNING: SASL PLAIN mechanism transfers the username and password in cleartext over the network.

Reviewer: Please repeat the earlier text for the warning.

> WARNING: The SASL PLAIN mechanism involves transferring the username and password across the network in cleartext.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
WARNING: The SASL PLAIN mechanism will transfer the username and password across the network in cleartext.
```

> It should not be used without TLS encryption.

Reviewer 2: Ditto as above using the other way around
